Readme

Sysbench
1.	The first step is to create a test file dataset. If you are using the course AMI for the project, you can run the following command:
sudo /home/ubuntu/Project3_1/sysbench --test=fileio --file-total-size=100G prepare
The above command will generate a test file set of a total of 100 GBs. When you run this command make sure you run it after changing the directory into the folder where your storage device is mounted.
2.	Once the test files are deployed, you can run the benchmark using the following command. Use SSD or Magnetic as the first argument to specify your disk type:
sudo /home/ubuntu/Project3_1/sysbench [SSD|Magnetic] --test=fileio --file-total-size=100G --file-test-mode=rndrw --max-time=300 --max-requests=0 run

Experiment 1
To run the benchmark for this experiment, perform the following steps:

1.	Launch a t1.micro instance with the AMI given above.
2.	Attach a 200 GB EBS volume of the desired type (Magnetic or SSD EBS) using the EC2 console.
3.	SSH to the instance.
4.	Perform the required steps to format and mount the EBS volume into the filesystem on that instance.
5.	Use the sysbench fileio test command with the prepare option to generate 100 GB of data into the attached EBS volume.
6.	Run sysbench fileio test on the data three times (without allowing for a long delay between runs)
7.	Enter your answers in runner.sh.
8.	Repeat steps 2 to 6 for the next storage type.

Experiment 2
Please read the following instructions carefully. They are not the same as in Experiment 1.

You can reuse the test files generated by sysbench prepare command from the previous experiment. So please don’t format the disks from the previous experiment, or you will lose the data.

1.	Launch a m3.large instance with the AMI given above.
2.	Detach the two 200 GB EBS volumes you used in previous steps.
3.	Attach one of the 200 GB EBS volumes of the desired type (Magnetic or SSD EBS) using EC2 console.
4.	SSH to the instance and mount the EBS volume into the filesystem on that instance.
5.	Run sysbench fileio test on the data three times (without allowing for a long delay between runs).
6.	Record your results for the quiz.
7.	Repeat step 3 to 6 for another storage type.